Scraper fido updates (#3367)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3367.bugfix.rst

> Updating both GOES XRS and LYRA dataretriver cleints to use Scraper

Reviewer: misspelled clients

> Updating both GOES XRS and LYRA dataretriver clients to use Scraper

Reviewer 2: Is this actually fixing a bug? Does it have any external facing changes at all?

Reviewer 3: I mean it might not be user facing but the change could in theory fix something we've overlooked.

Author: it doesn't have external facing changes - other than before the Fido search would have returned a query result that may not actually exist so it fails on download e.g. #3349 and #3337

Reviewer 2: If it's not actually fixing a bug I would probably classify it as "internal". I have a feeling it might be fixing bugs where some files were missing on the server though. If it is a bug fix I think the changelog entry should describe the bug it's fixing.

Reviewer 2: It returning results that aren't on the server counts as a bug in my mind, can you edit the changelog to describe that @hayesla ? :smile:

> Updating both GOES XRS and LYRA dataretriver clients to use `sunpy.util.scraper.Scraper` as to make sure that files are actually on servers being queried 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Updating both GOES XRS and LYRA dataretriever clients to use `~sunpy.util.scraper.Scraper`, to make sure that files are actually on the servers being queried.
```
